# 2025-06-30 Meeting Notes

## Attendance:

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [x] Simon Heimler - SAP
- [x] Pavel Kornev - SAP
- [x] Sebastian Wennemers - SAP
- [x] Dhawal Joshi - SAP
- [ ] Kiril Kabakchiev - SAP

Quorum: ✅ / ❌

## Agenda Items

- Approve scope of ORD 1.12 release (see milestone), planned for 2025-07-02 
  - Explicit `perspectives` support (global, static, dynamic)
  - Adding `isolationContext` to further isolate resources within one system-instance
  - Explicit `releaseStatus` for sunset (in addition to Tombstone)
  - Adding optional `relationType` to relations between entity types
- Plan to switch to leading public repository (Raluca will help)
  - Give guidance how we handle the internal information, how we handle SAP internal discussions and requests
  - OSPO guidance / best practices? Technical Advisory Board meeting can pick it up as a topic.
- Plan to switch to Linux Foundation tool to organize meetings
  - Should we combine CPA workstream with TSC meeting? Should we only vote offline, via tool?
  - Alternative: Keep SAP internal workstream and use TSC for public discussions
  - Sebastian: Keep CPA workstream at SAP, for internal visibility and internal discussions
  - Hosted by Zoom or MS Teams?

## Votes

- ORD 1.12 release scope approved: ✅ (4/0 votes in favor)

## Action Items

- [ ] ...

## Next Meeting Agenda

- Tristan to explain Linux Foundation tools and how to use them for TSC meetings
  - Onboarding day is planned, all voting members should attend

## Antitrust Policy Notice

	Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
	intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
	antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
	meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
	under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

	Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
	connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
	Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
	about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
	Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
	LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
